fs: support abortsignal in writeFile (#35993)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

waiting for the callback. For this scenario, [`fs.createWriteStream()`][] is
recommended.

> It is possible to abort a `writeFile` with an `AbortSignal`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use an {AbortSignal} to cancel an `fs.writeFile()`.
Cancelation is "best effort", and some amount of data is likely still
to be written.
```

```js
const controller = new AbortController();
const { signal } = controller;
const data = new Uint8Array(Buffer.from('Hello Node.js'));
fs.writeFile('message.txt', data, { signal }, (err) => {

>   // When a request is aborted - the callback is called with an AbortError

Reviewer: This may be a bit difficult, and is likely something that we should tackle later in a separate PR, but it would be helpful if this reported the number of bytes known to have been written at the point of failure/cancelation.

Author: Yeah, I asked in the description it's actually pretty easy to do - but I remember there were really good arguments regarding whether or not we should do this (in the summit, by @addaleax IIRC) and I don't remember what the conclusion was.

Adding the number of bytes written is actually technically pretty easy here if we just want to approximate how much was written since the last `write` since we don't actually abort writes in progress only writeAll

Reviewer 2: Right – I think we basically agreed to see cancellation is a way of expressing disinterest in the result of an operation. Not reporting the number of written bytes goes in line with that. More importantly, if we add cancellation support to the actual fs operations underneath – as we should – then these numbers become inherently unreliable. I would not be in favour of adding this, if somebody wants it, then they should use `fs.write()` directly *without* cancelling.

});
// When the request should be aborted
controller.abort();
```

Aborting an ongoing request does not abort individual operating

> system requests but rather the internal buffering `fs.writeFile` performs.

Reviewer: Users who are unfamiliar with how writeFile works under the covers may find this sentence confusing.

Author: How do you propose we deal with this? Add an extra note to writeFile explaining how it works and suggesting a createWriteStream for performacne sensitive stuff like we do with readFile?

Reviewer 3: I think it's better to explain how this works underneath instead, and then include the above sentence.

Author: @mcollina @jasnell PTAL
